README.md, before:

# Covid19 Simple Graphs

Available at [https://covid-19-spreading.alessandrodistefano.eu](https://covid-19-spreading.alessandrodistefano.eu)

Docker image available at: https://hub.docker.com/repository/docker/aleskandro/covid19-spreading-charts

The lack of comparative and quantitative information by the news media in Italy brought 
me to this simple project.
It allows to draw charts about the spreading of Covid19: 
absolute data, rapidity of spread, and acceleration.
It can also be used to compare data between countries/state.
These charts could absolutely lack any scientific meaning: 
I'm not an epidemiology expert, but I would have them to compare Italy's outbreak crisis
with other countries 
and to have spreading velocity which is not currently announced by news media.
Initially, I started to draw them manually through 
[Octave](https://www.gnu.org/software/octave/).
Based on the data-set available at
[CSSEGISAndData](https://github.com/CSSEGISandData/COVID-19), 
I just developed this simple front-end in a few hours with the hope it 
can be useful for someone else during this COVID-19 outbreak, in Italy and in the world.
However, I'm not a front-end developer and I'm sorry for some hacky 
tricks and bugs: contributions are welcome :).


The project is based on Angular 9, with Material, papaparse and canvasJs 
and it is distributed under the terms of 
[GPLv3](https://github.com/aleskandro/covid19-charts-spreading-rapidity/blob/master/LICENSE) license.

## Covid-19 data-set limitations

As already stated, comparing covid-19 spreading between countries could lack
scientific meaning, especially with the current dataset.

Infact, with the current outbreak dataset we have only `confirmed`,`recovered` and `deaths` cases per country/state;
it would be better to also have the number of performed tests. 

Other considerations about limitations of these data can be made both from a stastical 
and from a medical point of view.

I hope reasearch will start publishing about modeling of this epidemic as soon as a possible,
with all the tools we have today like Complex networks and so on.

If you want to contribute, please feel free of starting a new issue or forking and continuing development. 
If I will have time, I will try to improve the code and the available features.

## Docker for develepment

Use the docker image if you do not want to deploy Angular and other dependencies of this project in your host.

```bash
docker-compose up
```

Or you can build the Dockerfile and run it exposing your preferred port.

The repository also contains a Dockerfile.production that provide a multi-stage build for deploying via nginx the application.

It will expose the angular development server through `http://localhost:4200`.

## License
```
    Covid19-Simple-Graphs
    Copyright (C) 2020 aleskandro

    This program is free software: you can redistribute it and/or modify
    it under the terms of the GNU General Public License as published by
    the Free Software Foundation, either version 3 of the License, or
    (at your option) any later version.

    This program is distributed in the hope that it will be useful,
    but WITHOUT ANY WARRANTY; without even the implied warranty of
    MERCHANTABILITY or FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE.  See the
    GNU General Public License for more details.

    You should have received a copy of the GNU General Public License
    along with this program.  If not, see <https://www.gnu.org/licenses/>.
```

Commit message:

Now using Protezione Civile Italiana source for Italy
Due to the wrong update in the CSSEGIS Repository, data from Italy are now scraped from the Protezione Civile Italiana using the unique resumed file.

Refers CSSEGISandData/COVID-19#619 CSSEGISandData/COVID-19#615 CSSEGISandData/COVID-19#611 CSSEGISandData/COVID-19#608 CSSEGISandData/COVID-19#619 CSSEGISandData/COVID-19#604

README.md, after:

# Covid19 Simple Graphs

Available at [https://covid-19-spreading.alessandrodistefano.eu](https://covid-19-spreading.alessandrodistefano.eu)

Docker image available at: https://hub.docker.com/repository/docker/aleskandro/covid19-spreading-charts

The lack of comparative and quantitative information by the news media in Italy brought 
me to this simple project.
It allows to draw charts about the spreading of Covid19: 
absolute data, rapidity of spread, and acceleration.
It can also be used to compare data between countries/state.
These charts could absolutely lack any scientific meaning: 
I'm not an epidemiology expert, but I would have them to compare Italy's outbreak crisis
with other countries 
and to have spreading velocity which is not currently announced by news media.
Initially, I started to draw them manually through 
[Octave](https://www.gnu.org/software/octave/).
Based on the data-set available at
[CSSEGISAndData](https://github.com/CSSEGISandData/COVID-19), and, for Italy data, the data-set available from 
                    [Protezione Civile Italiana](https://github.com/pcm-dpc/COVID-19)
I just developed this simple front-end in a few hours with the hope it 
can be useful for someone else during this COVID-19 outbreak, in Italy and in the world.
However, I'm not a front-end developer and I'm sorry for some hacky 
tricks and bugs: contributions are welcome :).


The project is based on Angular 9, with Material, papaparse and canvasJs 
and it is distributed under the terms of 
[GPLv3](https://github.com/aleskandro/covid19-charts-spreading-rapidity/blob/master/LICENSE) license.

## Covid-19 data-set limitations

As already stated, comparing covid-19 spreading between countries could lack
scientific meaning, especially with the current dataset.

Infact, with the current outbreak dataset we have only `confirmed`,`recovered` and `deaths` cases per country/state;
it would be better to also have the number of performed tests. 

Other considerations about limitations of these data can be made both from a stastical 
and from a medical point of view.

I hope reasearch will start publishing about modeling of this epidemic as soon as a possible,
with all the tools we have today like Complex networks and so on.

If you want to contribute, please feel free of starting a new issue or forking and continuing development. 
If I will have time, I will try to improve the code and the available features.

## Docker for develepment

Use the docker image if you do not want to deploy Angular and other dependencies of this project in your host.

```bash
docker-compose up
```

Or you can build the Dockerfile and run it exposing your preferred port.

The repository also contains a Dockerfile.production that provide a multi-stage build for deploying via nginx the application.

It will expose the angular development server through `http://localhost:4200`.

## License
```
    Covid19-Simple-Graphs
    Copyright (C) 2020 aleskandro

    This program is free software: you can redistribute it and/or modify
    it under the terms of the GNU General Public License as published by
    the Free Software Foundation, either version 3 of the License, or
    (at your option) any later version.

    This program is distributed in the hope that it will be useful,
    but WITHOUT ANY WARRANTY; without even the implied warranty of
    MERCHANTABILITY or FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE.  See the
    GNU General Public License for more details.

    You should have received a copy of the GNU General Public License
    along with this program.  If not, see <https://www.gnu.org/licenses/>.
```
